Topic/awelzel/fix for builtin inclusion (#1)
zeek/zeek-perf-support: CMakeLists.txt

include(ZeekPlugin)

zeek_plugin_begin(Zeek PerfSupport)
zeek_plugin_cc(src/Plugin.cc src/Trampoline.S)
zeek_plugin_dist_files(README.md CHANGES COPYING VERSION)

> zeek_plugin_end()

Reviewer: What's the reason for switching from `zeek_add_plugin` to the "exploded" API? The former seems subjectively "better" to me since sidesteps the subtle state keeping of the exploded API. We also don't seem to inject anything, and I do not understand why we would need it.

Author: Because `zeek_add_plugin()` is broken in 7.0 and 7.1 for builtin plugins, but the old API still works. The commit mentions this.

https://github.com/zeek/cmake/pull/125

Reviewer: Since this is something which must not be cleaned up, can you please add a comment for this here?

Author: Hmm, there's the whole line below which intended to be a reminder, but yes, I can restructure this to be more obvious.

Author: Cleaned it up, there was nothing in the commit message, acutally :sweat:

include(ZeekPlugin)

zeek_plugin_begin(Zeek PerfSupport)
zeek_plugin_cc(src/Plugin.cc src/Trampoline.S)
zeek_plugin_dist_files(README.md CHANGES COPYING VERSION)
zeek_plugin_end()

# Zeek 7.1.1 is buggy with zeek_add_plugin() and builtin plugins.
# zeek_add_plugin(
#    Zeek
#    PerfSupport
#    SOURCES
#    src/Plugin.cc
#    src/Trampoline.S
#    DIST_FILES
#    README.md
#    CHANGES
#    COPYING
#    VERSION
# )

set_property(SOURCE src/Trampoline.S PROPERTY LANGUAGE C)

> # Set -fno-omit-frame-pointer on the target for this plugin, otherwise
> # the stack is borked. Zeek also needs to be compiled that way.
> if ( TARGET Zeek_PerfSupport )
>     target_compile_options(Zeek_PerfSupport PRIVATE -fno-omit-frame-pointer -mno-omit-leaf-frame-pointer)
> elseif ( TARGET plugin-Zeek-PerfSupport )
>     target_compile_options(plugin-Zeek-PerfSupport PRIVATE -fno-omit-frame-pointer -mno-omit-leaf-frame-pointer)
> else ()
>     message(FATAL_ERROR "Could not set compile options for target")
> endif ()

Reviewer: This seems pretty finicky and relying on details not here. WDYT about instead setting this as a file property?

```suggestion
# Set -fno-omit-frame-pointer on the target for this plugin, oth the stack is
# borked. Zeek also needs to be compiled that way. We set this as a file instead
# of a target property so it works regardless of whether the plugin is built
# standalone, or as a Zeek builtin plugin.
set_source_files_properties(
  ${_plugin_cpp} # FIXME(awelzel): var is an implementation detail of `ZeekPlugin`, probably should just list all files needing it.
  PROPERTIES COMPILE_OPTIONS
             "-fno-omit-frame-pointer;-mno-omit-leaf-frame-pointer")
```

Author: `${_plugin_cpp}` won't exist with ``zeek_add_plugin()`, but I presume I can open-code this. I'll give it a shot.
